Update docs: CellAssign organs and unlabeled submitter cells (#213)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/sce_file_contents.md

| `singler_reference_source`  | If cell typing with `SingleR` was performed, the source of the reference dataset (default is [`celldex`](http://bioconductor.org/packages/release/data/experiment/html/celldex.html)). Only present for `processed` objects |
| `singler_reference_version`  | If cell typing with `SingleR` was performed, the version of `celldex` used to create the reference dataset source, with periods replaced as dashes (`-`). Only present for `processed` objects |
| `cellassign_predictions` | If cell typing with `CellAssign` was performed, the full matrix of predictions across cells and cell types. Only present for `processed` objects |
| `cellassign_reference` | If cell typing with `CellAssign` was performed, the reference name as established by the Data Lab used for cell type annotation. Only present for `processed` objects |

> | `cellassign_reference_organs` | If cell typing with `CellAssign` was performed, a comma-separated list of organs and/or tissue groupings for which marker genes were obtained to create the reference. Only present for `processed` objects |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cellassign_reference_organs` | If cell typing with `CellAssign` was performed, a comma-separated list of organs and/or tissue compartments from which marker genes were obtained to create the reference. Only present for `processed` objects |
```
I think this should be "from" since we are grabbing the marker genes from the organs. Also keeping it consistent with how we refer to it in the report and using `tissue compartments`.
